[hopeful music]
- [grunts]
♪♪ ♪♪
Slip of a girl...
- [growls]
- [grunts]
Hah!
- [groans]
♪♪ ♪♪
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
[singers vocalizing]
[running footsteps]
- Hey, you!
This has gone too far!
I'm taking Nezuko and Genya
back from you!
- Silence, shameless tramp.
There's only one person
who can order me around,
and it isn't you.
- [gasps]
"Shameless tramp"?
Tra-- Me?
You're talking about me?
You've got to be kidding!
What a foul mouth that boy has!
And to think
he's around the same age
as my younger brother!
Oh, wait, maybe he's not.
Cause demons don't always
look their actual age, do they?
Still!
What a horrible thing to say!
[drum pounds]
- Crazed Cry of Thunderdeath!
- Ms. Kanroji!
- Love Breathing Third Form...
[cats meow]
Catlove Shower!
You might look like a kid...
but that doesn't mean
that I'm going to hold back!
- Oh, my!
- This young girl
somehow managed
to slash through my attack.
- Hmph!
[Tanjiro] I've never
seen a sword like that!
It's too fast
for my eyes to follow it.
Is it because
of its unique shape?
I can't believe
how flexible it is!
Her swordsmith is amazing.
But she's even more amazing
for being able to wield it!
- [grunts]
- [drum pounds]
[hopeful music]
- Love Breathing Second Form...
Love Pangs!
Sixth Form...
[cats meow]
Catlegged Winds of Love!
- If she can keep up
with this speed...
- [grunts]
- ...then I'll bury her
with a spell.
Blood Demon Art...
Countless Striking Trees!
- [squeals]
What a widespread attack!
- [gasps]
Oh, no! The main body!
[groans]
- Can I take on
this many of them at once?
Love Breathing Fifth Form...
Swaying Love...
Wildclaw!
♪♪ ♪♪
Got him!
- She's fast! But still...
- Ms. Kan--
- [inhales]
- Is he about to attack?
As long as I decapitate him,
I'll be okay!
- Ms. Kanroji!
That's not the main body!
It won't die if you behead it!
- What? Seriously?!
Then I made the wrong call!
- Compressed Sound Waves!
[shrieks]
- [gasping]
- Ms. Kanroji!
- [grunts]
- [yells]
- Unbelievable.
This girl,
even after being attacked,
managed to keep
her body structure unbroken.
Is it because
she tensed up all her muscles
just before getting hit?
Even so,
she shouldn't have been able
to survive that attack.
Inconceivable.
Wait, I see.
This girl's slender physique
belies her true muscle density.
An abnormal constitution.
This is good.
Consuming high-quality flesh
leads directly
to gaining strength.
But before I devour her,
I'll pulverize her skull
and brain tissue to a pulp.
[soft music]
[birds chirping]
[man] Ms. Kanroji?
Ms. Kanroji?
- Eh?
- No person
would ever marry you.
But if you're lucky,
a bear, boar, or cow might.
Your unnatural hair color
is bizarre.
The idea of passing it to
my children makes me shudder.
I cannot arrange a marriage
with you.
Please forget
that you ever met me.
Goodbye
[Kanroji] At 17...
my prospective marriage
was called off.
- [laughter]
- Your daddy's amazing,
isn't he?
- [gasps]
[grunts]
Huh?
[groans]
- [woman laughs]
- Huh?
- Are you really showing off
in front of our child?
- Mother!
- My arms were so thin
that I wasn't able to flex them.
- But there's a story
that my mother used to tell me
over and over again
about my childhood.
When I was just 14 months old,
right around the time
when my mother
was pregnant
with my little brother...
- [sighs]
Huh?
Mitsuri?
Mitsuri, where are you?
[Mitsuri cooing]
- Mits--
- [squeals]
- [screams]
- Even though
I was still just a child,
I wanted to help her
in the kitchen.
So I somehow went and lifted
a 33-pound pickling stone.
Though my mother was known
for being unphased
by everything, that day,
for the first time in her life,
she found herself blown away.
- [giggles]
- Thanks for always being
a good little helper.
- And ever since I was a child,
I've had a pretty big appetite.
I simply loved to eat.
- [sighs]
- Now, that's how it's done!
Come on! Can't you
sumo wrestlers eat that much?
- It's not that we can't.
It's just... well...
- Yeah.
- There you go!
Sakura rice cakes for dessert!
- Thank you!
[sumo wrestlers gasp]
[wrestler] Are you
really sure about this?
[father] It's totally fine!
There's no need
for you to hold back at all!
- Well, you heard the man,
right? So no excuses!
- Uh...
- Ready? And...
- go!
- [squeals]
[wrestler groans]
- [giggling]
- Your arms
may be thin, Mitsuri,
but the density of your muscles
is downright extraordinary!
- [chuckles]
- But as I grew older,
little by little...
I began to realize
that I wasn't like
the other girls around me.
- Hey, Mother, do you think
I'll ever become
someone's bride?
- Why would you ask
something like that?
- You know,
because I'm so strong...
and I eat all the time
and my hair color is so weird.
- You know
you're more than welcome
to stay at home
forever, Mitsuri.
- But, Dad, aren't women
supposed to get married
and become someone's mothers?
- Sure, but you could
also just stay at home.
- [sighs]
- The day my prospective
marriage was called off,
I decided I had to hide it all.
So I dyed my hair black.
I stifled my urge to eat.
And I pretended to be weak.
Everyone in my family
worried about me.
Soon after, a day came
where I met a man who said
he wanted to marry me.
- Should I do this?
Should I let this happen?
Am I going to live like this
for the rest of my life?
Eating voraciously,
being strong,
my hair color...
all of that is who I am.
Should I pretend
to be someone I'm not?
Isn't there
something else I can do,
some way that I can help
others while still being me?
Or does this mean
that there's no place
in this world for me as I am?
Isn't there anyone out there
who will love me for being me?
No, this isn't right.
It can't be!
[Demon Slayers yell]
- [gasps]
Get up! Get up! Get up!
The next attack's coming!
- I know that, all right?
- Huh?
Did I just pass out?
- Protect Ms. Kanroji!
Ms. Kanroji's
our only ray of hope!
She's the most skilled!
As long as she survives,
there's still a chance to win!
We can do this!
No one has to die!
We can do it!
- Your struggling is comical.
- You're kidding!
- Did I get them?
- Thank you, guys! [cries]
- Hmm?
- Forgive me!
I'm a Hashira, but I messed up!
I swear I'll always
protect my comrades!
Because the Demon Slayer Corps
and its members are my home!
I don't care if you're
an Upper Rank or whatever!
- Incredible!
She slashed through it all!
- As if I'd ever lose
to a jerk like you!
You better brace yourself!
'Cause I'm going all out!
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[birds chirping]
- This is splendid.
It appears the gods
smiled upon you
when they
bestowed their gifts...
Mitsuri.
Take pride
in the strength you have.
All those
who speak out against you
merely fear your talents...
and envy you
for what they haven't.
- [crying]
Thank you so much!
Father, Mother...
thank you for making me
strong from birth.
Everyone
in the Demon Slayer Corps
has accepted me for who I am.
- Promoted to Hashira?
Congratulations!
- Congratulations!
- [squeals]
Thanks, you guys!
I'll do my best!
- You guys want some?
They're sakura rice cakes!
- [nervous chuckling]
- When I saved people
from demons,
they would always thank me with
tears streaming down their aces.
- That's a Hashira for you!
In one strike!
- That evil demon's
not gonna hurt you.
You're safe now!
I promise!
[laughs]
- From the bottom of our hearts,
thank you
- Thank you, Miss!
- It was Mr. Iguro
who gave me the long,
striped socks I always wear.
- Here.
- What? What?
What's this?
Mr. Iguro, what's this?
- Take them.
- Huh? Really, for me?
What? Thank you!
I promise you
I'll treasure them!
- There's no need
to treasure them.
- Huh?
Ah, no way.
That would be such a waste.
- It's fine.
If they get ripped,
then I'll give you a new pair.
- [laughs]
Mm!
I've often found myself
thinking things like,
"Should a girl be this strong?"
Would people
start saying yet again
that I couldn't be human
if I were?
I've been so afraid, that I've
been holding back my power.
But I'm through with that.
- Ms. Kanroji's
our only ray of hope!
- [grunts]
- Huh? [growls]
- [drum pounds]
- [roars]
[Kanroji] Just leave it to me.
I'll protect you all,
no matter what!
[heroic music]
[drums pound]
I'll take care of this one
by myself!
You guys go on ahead!
Defeat the main body!
- Nezuko! Genya!
- [grunts]
- [roars]
- I've got to increase
my heart rate.
I need to speed up
my circulation.
Move faster.
Hit stronger!
More!
[drums pound]
- You little brats.
- [growls]
- [gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singer vocalizing]
- If you want to get
to my comrades,
then you're gonna
have to get through me!
- Tanjiro! Where's the thing
with the main body?
Can you track it?
- I'll try!
♪♪ ♪♪
- [whimpering]
- Found it!
This way!
Ms. Kanroji can only hold off
that child demon for so long.
We have to slash the main
body before it's too late!
- Hmph.
- This young girl,
she's moving
even faster than before!
I don't understand.
What's happening?
How is she...
A mark?
Did she always have that?
That...
looks like a demon's crest.
[drums pound]
This is beyond annoying!
Thanks to
this slip of a girl,
I can't unleash my dragons
on those brats!
Despicable!
Nevertheless,
it won't last forever.
She'll run out
of stamina eventually,
the way all humans do!
- I will protect them,
no matter the cost!
[running footsteps]
- [gasps] There!
It's inside that tree!
- [whimpering]
- I'm positive.
The demon
is hiding inside of it!
Hurry!
[Nezuko grunts]
- [yells]
- Almost there!
- Get outta there, you bastard!
- [winces]
[Nezuko grunting]
- Don't let it shake you off!
Hang on!
We have to strike it down
before that snake-dragon thing
starts heading this way!
While Ms. Kanroji's stopping it
from attacking!
- [grunts]
- I can't swing my sword
while holding on!
But I can still do this!
[growls]
- Whoa! He's biting it!
His teeth are crazy strong!
But won't that upset
your stomach?
Genya! Are you gonna be okay?!
- If I devour demons,
it's only temporary,
but I can gain demonic traits!
If I consume a strong demon,
it boosts
my regenerative abilities
and increases
my muscular strength!
[grunting]
♪♪ ♪♪
- It's down!
Now!
- [tendrils whipping]
- [winces]
The branches are like whips.
Stand your ground!
Keep moving!
- [grunts]
- Nezuko's Blood Demon Art.
- Thanks to the flames,
it's sluggish now!
This will work.
I can do this!
♪♪ ♪♪
Hinokami Kagura...
Flame Dance!
[singers vocalizing]
I still haven't landed a hit.
This won't end
until I behead the main body!
- Tanjiro, do it!
♪♪ ♪♪
- It's gone!
It must have run off again.
But where?!
It can't have gotten that far.
[leaves rustle]
- [yelps]
- [gasps] Bastard!
- [whimpering]
- Get back here!
You can't run away
from your sins!
Every atrocity you've committed,
every evil deed,
I'm going to make you pay
for everything you've ever done!
You're not escaping me!
[man] No one else
can take responsibility
for what you've done.
It has to be you and you alone!
You no-good,
two-faced, shameless liar!
- Ever since the day I was
born into this accursed world,
I've never once uttered a lie.
I'm a virtuous weakling.
As pitiful as I am,
nobody shows me any sympathy!
I...
[crying]
I've never told a lie!
- Come on. Nezuko! Genya!
- [grunts]
- [growls]
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
You bastard!
I'm putting an end to this,
you stubborn moron!
- [wails]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [yells]
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
- Ms. Kanroji, thank you
for protecting all of us.
You have my word.
We'll defeat that demon!
- [grunts]
- Now it's time
for a Taisho-era secret!
Get a load of this.
Eating 170 sakura rice cakes
every day for eight months
caused Ms. Kanroji's hair
and eyes to change their color.
- Wow. Is that true?
- This is Ms. Kanroji
we're talking about.
I don't know. I feel
like it's impossible to eat
that many sakura rice cakes
without needi--
- Here! For you, Muichiro!
- Ms. Kanroji!
- Why don't you take one
for yourself, Tanjiro?
- Thank you very much!
These are really good!
Next, the final episode,
"A Connected Bond:
Daybreak and First Light."
No way are we going to let
some arrogant demon
have his way!
- That's right.
- Let's give our all!
- No way we're gonna lose!
- [grunts]